# Shadow Dash

## Phantom Outbreak

Leader Bonus:
Phantom Outbreak: Characters of the team gain 15% Crit Rate when whole above 80% HP.

### Phantom Outbreak

Characters in the team gain 21% Crit Rate when HP is higher than 80%.

## Passive Skill

Character receives boost from passive skills automatically.

### Backstab

Gain 60% Total DMG Multiplier when attacking an enemy from the side or from behind.

### Shadow Aura

Increases physical and elemental damage done to stunned, paralyzed, and enemies slowed by Time Slow by 30.0%.

### Ultimate Energy

Gain X Max SP in battle. Tsukuyomi costs 10 more SP, but number of ultimate illusions generated is increased to 3 (must unlock Shadow Army first).

## Untouchable

Quick dash to evade enemy attacks.
Body Clone: Triggers upon an Ultimate Evasion, summoning an illusion to fight. Illusion has 25% of the character's ATK and lasts 5s. CD: 10s. Only 1 illusion can exist at a time.

### Keen Edge

Tap the [ATK] button after evasion to unleash Speed Fatale. Speed Fatale gains 70% for 1.5s upon evasion. CD: 4.0s.

### Ghost Image

Illusion generated by successful evasion has ATK equal to 60% of character's ATK. Duration extended to 7.0s.

### Shadow Razor

Ultimate Evasion effects can be triggered X more time (s). CD is decreased by Xs.

## Combo Skill: Speed Fatale

Dashes to enemy and knocks it airborne.
Charging Cut: 180% ATK of Physical DMG and knocks enemies airborne.

### Switch: Shadowless Blade

Switch entry unleashes an upward slash, dealing 180% ATK of Physical DMG, and deals an additional 250%x2 ATK of Physical DMG to enemies knocked airborne.

### QTE: Shadow Blade

Triggers QTE when enemy is stunned, dealing 220% + 4xX% ATK of Physical DMG.

### Crescent Spin

Unleashes a sweeping strike when tapping the [ATK] button after triggering combo and switch attacks, dealing 70% ATK x4 of AOE Physical DMG.

## Tsukuyomi

Summons an Ultimate Illusion to fight for you.
The Illusion specs: 50% of the character HP, 100% of character ATK and CRT, and immunity to Physical DMG; loses 10% of its max HP per second.
SP Cost: 75

### Sakura Shuriken

Ultimate illusion explodes when it disappears, dealing 3.0xATK of Physical DMG to nearby enemies and paralyzing them for 3.0s.

### Shadow Mantra

Increases max HP of ultimate illusion to 80.0% of the character's max HP. Decreases HP consumption per second to 7.0% of the max HP.

### Shadow Army

Increases the number of ultimate illusions to 2 but decreases their ATK to 50% of the character's ATK.

## Gokiketsu

AOE penta-slash.
1st Sequence: 80% ATK of Physical DMG.
2nd Sequence: 80% ATK of Physical DMG.
3rd Sequence: 100% ATK of Physical DMG.
4th Sequence: 100% ATK of Physical DMG.
5th Sequence: 250% ATK of AOE Physical DMG.

### Endless Aura

Significantly extends sword ki range of basic attacks. Each hit of Basic ATKs or Combo ATKs deals 120 more Physical DMG.

### Mind Aura

Increases Crit DMG of basic and combo attacks by 40.0%.