# Blessing of Reburn

Triggering an Ultimate Evasion Skill removes Overheat and clears Heat.

## Blessing of Reburn +

Triggering an Ultimate Evasion Skill removes Overheat and clears Heat. Ultimate Evasion Skill has one additional charge.

# Blessing of Tempered Warrior

Aerial Combo ATKs reduce Ultimate Evasion Skill CD by 9s.

## Blessing of Tempered Warrior +

Aerial Combo ATKs reduce Ultimate Evasion Skill CD by 9s. Total DMG taken in midair is reduced by 30%.

# Blessing of Flamescion

For every black hole created by the Herrscher of Flamescion, Valkyrie restores 25 HP per second and deals 30% bonus Total DMG.

## Blessing of Flamescion +

For every black hole created by the Herrscher of Flamescion, Valkyrie restores 25 HP per second and deals 30% bonus Total DMG. Barrier HP increases by 25%.

# Blessing of Starfire

When a black hole created by the Herrscher of Flamescion disappears, a smaller black hole lasting 5s is generated, dealing 300% ATK of Fire DMG per second. CD: 3s.

## Blessing of Starfire +

When a black hole created by the Herrscher of Flamescion disappears, a smaller black hole lasting 5s is generated, dealing 400% ATK of Fire DMG per second. CD: 3s.

# Blessing of Heatflow

Black holes generated by the Herrscher of Flamescion deal 75% bonus Fire DMG. Triggering Ultimate Evasion Skill creates an additional black hole dealing 1200% ATK of Fire DMG.

## Blessing of Heatflow +

The black hole generated by the Herrscher of Flamescion deals 100% bonus Fire DMG. Triggering Ultimate Evasion Skill creates an additional black hole dealing 1200% ATK of Fire DMG.
